hi YouTube Mason sushi back again and I
wanted to actually talk for a couple
minutes of my opinion of VGA graded
games um right here in front of me I
have solar Jetman don't know if it'll um
it ranks in 85 and in in + so it's I
guess it's nietzermann + close to 90
here it shows it's uh 1990 trade west
nest
white seal and silver jet man and it has
its number there in the middle I'm
actually quite impressed with some of
the VGA things personally um a lot of
collectors are not fans of them they
actually think that they can grade
better and they probably can there's a
huge debate going on on the Nintendo H
forums if you're at a Nintendo collector
I highly suggest you go read the post
there's good arguments for Ford either
way I don't know I like I said I'm kind
of a fan for it I think it'll help the
collectability in the long run a lot of
other collectibles have a grading type
system in place for baseball cards
action figures model cars like Micro
Machines and match bought cars and the
like GI Joe Star Wars um and I think
that this kind of adds just another
check off to make game collecting a
legitimate hobby in the eyes of
collectors of other media um this is my
second game this is the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles I just love the UM I love
the artwork of the Turtles actually the
game kind of sucks but the the artwork
on the box is pretty nice and it was a
game I had as a child and I remember
spending countless hours trying to get
through some of the sewers and and the
stupid turtle van was just retarded
anyway but again I got this some more
furnace dollars you solar jet me and I
actually really loved playing it was
probably one of my top favorite games
growing up so I had to have that one but
the Ninja Turtles like I said it's more
of just for a nostalgia plus I got a
fairly decent price on them
speaking about price you tend to find
that a lot of the
a lot of the games that are VGA that are
sold on eBay currently I mean you find a
few of them that are at the $85 mark but
a lot of them even for more common
titles like double dribble there's
someone as of this video trying to sell
want to buy it now for $150 it's just
just kind of outrageous what some people
are asking for for for a VGA graded game
this turbos I think I got first like 70
bucks which is still a little more than
it's worth I do understand but again
nostalgia and I had a little extra at
the time I purchased it um the solo jet
man I got through a member on Nintendo
age I'd rather not say the amount but it
was very reasonable and he also gave me
a little something out extra in the
purchase so which was was cheaper than
the Ninja Turtles but um but very
reasonable um and like I said my opinion
is I think DG Hegarty games are good
I do think it'll cause some of the games
to naturally inflate in price just
because once things get to be graded you
know you know Zelda game might be worth
you know I don't know if the top of my
head I don't collect sealed or CIB games
but you know a game that might be you
know $300 you know if it's a graded game
that grades in a you know 85 bucks it
might be you know 800 bucks or something
ridiculous like that the price just
astronomically um I haven't seen too
much I know there's a you know some
people were selling zeldo and lonk
the original print with like an 85 or 90
grade for like $6.99 or something
ridiculous like that I don't think it'll
sell personally but anyway like I said I
just was kind of voicing my opinion out
there showing you what the cases look
like I've never purchased one never sent
one in to get graded these are two that
I purchased already graded so for people
that are might ask or you know send me
questions saying you know how much does
it cost or whatever I believe it might
cost like 30 bucks or something
depending on the packaging because you
can get different cases some
I've like UV protection cases some of
them are a little more basic in the
grade but again it depends on the
package you get I do know they grade
based on scale of the value for my
understanding again this is all from
what I've read and things like that I
don't know concrete so you would have to
go to the the VG greater calm eyes
believe that's it's not gonna say it
clearly in my camera but it's VG greater
calm as who did these and then check for
the packages they offer I know they have
some that are a little more elite that
are a little more expensive and the
pricing if you want something that's
super expensive done they'll do it but
it'll cost more of a fee and lastly they
do make custom cases these are hard
acrylic cases I mean these are when you
can see the space you have you also come
these little baggies and I guess people
tend to keep them in the baggie so I
didn't take mine off my Ninja Turtles
one also came in a baggie
I guess that also kind of legitimizes
the casing itself because when it's
displayed front wise you know the baggie
doesn't really show and you can display
it um which you can see from here I mean
it's a thick from the outside edge of
this to where the game card you know
you're a half an inch so I mean your
game is very securely in place it
doesn't rattle around you can see you
know the joint of it stops right over
here so plenty of room to protect your
game anyway like I said just just to
point it out I do suggest it I really
suggest you have your own to get them
graded buying them already pre graded
does get very pricey very fast so in
that respect I would only suggest
purchasing a VGA graded game pre graded
that it's more of a personal favorite
that you get a good deal on anyway make
some sushi out have a good evening guys
thanks for watching